bpo-43683: Handle generator entry in bytecode (#25138)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2021-04-01-12-30-30.bpo-43683.AjxOx2.rst

> Add GEN_START opcode. Marks starts of generator or coroutine and handles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add GEN_START opcode. Marks start of generator, including async, or coroutine and handles
```

> Add GEN_START opcode. Marks starts of generator or coroutine and handles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add GEN_START opcode. Marks start of generator, including async, or coroutine and handles
```
